React is a framework for building client-side dynamic web applications.
React uses dynamic data binding and a virtual DOM to extend HTML syntax
React component names must always start with a capital letter, while HTML tags must be lowercase.
In React, some of HTML elements will be rendered as a React component.
React uses a special markup language called JavaScript XML (JSX) which resembles HTML.
JSK
-------------
JSX can be compiled and interpreted as JavaScript by Babel, a special in-memory tool.
JSX is embedded inside special script tags where the type attribute specifies the content that requires Babel.
Packages
------------
Three important packages that you use to build React applications .
1)React package : The React package holds the React source for components and their states and properties. 
2)ReactDOM package : The ReactDOM package is the glue between React and the DOM.
3)Babel package : Babel is the module which is available in most modern browsers.
                   It is used to compile and interpret the JSX.
Create React App
--------------------
With Create React App, you can easily create a React application.
1)First we have to install node
2)In comand Prompt/powershell /terminal , npx create-react-app app_Name 
   - It creates react application with some packages & Folders
   - In src folder : App.js   ---contains App , which is the root react component that you add into your Html page
                   : Index.js --- is where you add the App component to the html
3)To run React App -----npm start

NOTES:
--------------
React is an efficient, flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces. 
React uses a special markup language called JSX. 
A React application is a tree of components and an extension of the HTML DOM.
With Create React App, you can easily create a React application.

we can export components two ways 
1) Default export 
-----> export default ComponentName
we came import above file with any name 
like import anyName from './file Path'

2) Named Export
------> export {ComponentName}
we came import above file within curlyBraces {} with same name 
like import {ComponentName} from './file Path' 

------------------>
In a real-time application ,components must deal with dynamic data
Data could be someting internal to the component or may be passed from another component.
To bind the data to the component ,you need two Js objects
1) Props
2)State


Props
----------------------------
React Props are like function arguments in JavaScript and attributes in HTML.
props stands for properties.
props are read only
It allows us to pass data from one component to another component
props are immutable--when parent component update the data that is passed as props then
                     the child component get updated props
props are passed as arguments to function components and accessed within components

steps---->
1) ACCESSING DATA ---- In parent component , this would be accessed as   ( props.property )  // dont forget to pass props as an argument to the function/class component
2) PASSING DATA   ---- we are passing props as a ( property = value ) to child component.


State
-----------------------------
The state is an initial value set for a component, which is used for interactivity.
The state is the set of data that is managed by the component.

Hooks
-------
useState

It cannot reload the page whenever we update data


